README.md, before:

## Introduction to TaraXL

The TaraXL - See3CAM_StereoA is a UVC compliant USB 3.0 SuperSpeed Stereo vision camera from e-con Systems, a leading embedded Product Design Services company which specializes in the advanced camera solutions.

For More Information please visit:
https://www.e-consystems.com/3d-usb-stereo-camera-with-nvidia-accelerated-sdk.asp

## Contents

The taraxl tools demonstrates the API feature and code.
1. **taraxl-studio-qtapp** – With this tool you can quickly access the depth map, configure brightness and exposure settings, modify algorithm settings and much more.
2. **console-savedepth-app** – With this tool you can quickly save the depth map in a image format.

## Getting started

1. Download the latest version of the TaraXL SDK at https://developer.e-consystems.com
2. Install the TaraXL SDK on you NVIDIA TX2 device.

## Support

If you need assistance with the TaraXL, visit at https://www.e-consystems.com/Request-form.asp?paper=see3cam_stereoa or contact us at techsupport@e-consystems.com

Commit message:

Adding IMU viewer and Pointcloud application

README.md, after:

## Introduction to TaraXL

The TaraXL - See3CAM_StereoA is a UVC compliant USB 3.0 SuperSpeed Stereo vision camera from e-con Systems, a leading embedded Product Design Services company which specializes in the advanced camera solutions.

For More Information please visit:
https://www.e-consystems.com/3d-usb-stereo-camera-with-nvidia-accelerated-sdk.asp

## Contents

The taraxl tools demonstrates the API feature and code.
1. **taraxl-studio-qtapp** – With this tool you can quickly access the depth map, configure brightness and exposure settings, modify algorithm settings and much more.
2. **console-savedepth-app** – With this tool you can quickly save the depth map in a image format.
3. **taraxl-pointcloud-app** - With this tool, you can view and save the different qualities of pointclouds.
4. **taraxl-imu-viewer** - This tools helps you to view the IMU values in a graphical format.

## Getting started

1. Download the latest version of the TaraXL SDK at https://developer.e-consystems.com
2. Install the TaraXL SDK on you NVIDIA TX2 device.

## Support

If you need assistance with the TaraXL, visit at https://www.e-consystems.com/Request-form.asp?paper=see3cam_stereoa or contact us at techsupport@e-consystems.com
